As you've just seen, tables have state.
Because our tables have state,
we also need to determine how to store it.
In this section, we'll learn how stream processing frameworks store their state.
Whether you're using K-S-Q-L or KSQL,
Faust, Kafka streams Flink,
all of these stream processing frameworks use Kafka topics to
store the internal state of the stream processing applications they're running.
This may be referred to as a changelog.
Stream processing frameworks create topics on
Kafka to track all the changes occurring in a stream.
So that state can easily be recreated if needed.
The stream processing frameworks use
Kafka's log compaction to ensure that these topics do not grow unbounded.
In addition, compaction helps keep the size of these topics smaller as well,
which can aid in startup time.
This feature is critical for tolerating failures and crashes in
your streaming application especially in modern Cloud computing stacks,
hardware is a commodity.
It can come and go quickly,
fail for reasons that we can't predict.
When we have this changelog,
we have the ability to recover quickly,
and this ability to recover quickly is absolutely
critical to building high-quality applications.